Add descriptions for Access rules (#3792)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: docs/resources/access_group.md

Optional:

> - `any_valid_service_token` (Boolean) Matches any valid Access Service Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `any_valid_service_token` (Boolean) Matches any valid Access service token.
```

- `auth_context` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--auth_context))
- `auth_method` (String) The type of authentication method. Refer to https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8176#section-2 for possible types.
- `azure` (Block List) Matches an Azure group. Requires an Azure identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--azure))
- `certificate` (Boolean) Matches any valid client certificate.
- `common_name` (String) Matches a valid client certificate common name.
- `common_names` (List of String) Overflow field if you need to have multiple common_name rules in a single policy.  Use in place of the singular common_name field.
- `device_posture` (List of String) The ID of a device posture integration.
- `email` (List of String) The email of the user.
- `email_domain` (List of String) The email domain to match.
- `email_list` (List of String) The ID of a previously created email list.
- `everyone` (Boolean) Matches everyone.

> - `external_evaluation` (Block List) Create Allow or Block policies which evaluate the user based on custom criteria. https://developers.cloudflare.com/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/advanced-workflows/external-evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--external_evaluation))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `external_evaluation` (Block List) Create Allow or Block policies which evaluate the user based on custom criteria. https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/policies/access/external-evaluation/. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--external_evaluation))
```

- `geo` (List of String) Matches a specific country.
- `github` (Block List) Matches a Github organization. Requires a Github identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--github))
- `group` (List of String) The ID of a previously created Access group.
- `gsuite` (Block List) Matches a group in Google Workspace. Requires a Google Workspace identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--gsuite))
- `ip` (List of String) An IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR block.
- `ip_list` (List of String) The ID of a previously created IP list.

> - `login_method` (List of String) The ID of a configured Identity Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `login_method` (List of String) The ID of a configured identity provider.
```

- `okta` (Block List) Matches an Okta group. Requires an Okta identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--okta))

> - `saml` (Block List) Matches a SAML group. Requires a SAML identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--include--saml))

Reviewer: Will this work with any SAML provider, or does it need to be the Generic SAML integration (as described in dev docs)?

Author: saml here means the generic saml integration.

> - `service_token` (List of String) The ID of a Service Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `service_token` (List of String) The ID of an Access service token.
```

Optional:

> - `any_valid_service_token` (Boolean) Matches any valid Access Service Token.

Reviewer: same comments as above
